Link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/irvina/pen/ExmpOMB?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
Html that is direct and easy to read 
    
    2. What is HTML used for?
    It the foundation to a website 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Tags that enclose elements 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to mark the main heading and should only be used once per page
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <div> <a> 
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The title and any nav info 
    
    7. What is an id? 
    an identifier for a single element
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    elements of specificity
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    
    10. What is a class? 
    an identifier for a group of elements
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    text, images, any other similar elements 
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many elements that coincide with it 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you have to anchor it to a url with a blank property
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    Its used to give information if the image is unavailable 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    to reference an id use the "#"
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section contains content and div doesnt convey any meaning
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
    Css is the styling of the website 
    
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select every element just use it h2 {} * for all . for class and # for IDs
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class encompasses a bunch of elements while an id is for only one. 
    A class is good for styling multiple elements the same way and an ID would be used if a specific target would be styled differently
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Classe are selected with a "."

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    .human p 
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A selector that specifies and element with in a more general section or class 
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that specifies a specific state like :hover
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black;}
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body{}
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    use the slash command crtl+/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd 
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm, it should be used cautiously because it removes all files including the parent directory
    which can erase alot of work 
    
    34. Why should I use version control?
    It help teams keep track of their work and contribution to the project 
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 2o mins or so
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "first-last"
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    The first steps are to fork and clone a project, next pull a project into git, then branch after youre in the new file, after open
    the file with code ., then after your changes are done, its add, commit, and push, finally ending with a pull request on github


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block element can take up multiple lines while inline elements are restricted with a single line and its margins/padding
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It sits on its own plane not affected by anything else
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    You could use the overflow attribute and set it to auto
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block elements are p, h1, header. Inline elements are span, anchor. Inline-block elements are list elements like ul
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    The box model is how content is displayed within the confines of it respective space. This includes all relative margins, borders, and padding. 
    We can control and confine elements into their space by specifying all attributes of the space by adjusting the height and width of their respective elements. 